Curriculum Vitae
Srijib Roy
116/3A/4A, Sarat Ghosh Garden Road Kolkata-700031, West Bengal.
Mob: 09874326419
Email ID: roysrijib@gmail.com
Profile:
Presently pursuing final Semester in MCA from Techno India College of Technology under WBUT & Graduate of B.Sc. (Computer Science Honors) from ‘Vivekananda College, under ‘University of Calcutta’ of (1+1+1) system.
A detail oriented, hardworking professional with programming skills possessing - Programming languages and using them for software developing.
- Proficient in maintaining the existing program with implementation of new techniques.
- Remarkable ability in executing the plan with precision. I am a quick learner and can focus into the job that I am offered within a short period of time. I am also able to work in teams and also can work independently as and whenever required.
Objective: Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute which recognizes my true potential and effectively utilizes/nurtures my excellent analytical and technical skills in IT industry Software.
Educational Qualification:
Examinations passed
Institute Name
Board of
Examination
Marks obtained (%)
Year
MCA(Pursuing Final
Year, 6th semester)
Techno India
College Of
Technology
West Bengal
University of
Technology
Till 5th semester: 7.918
Yet to Pass
(May 2015)
B.Sc., Computer Sc.
Honours. (Part
I+II+III)
Vivekananda
College,
Thakurpukur
University of Calcutta
49.65 %
2012
Higher Secondary Examination
Techno Model School
West Bengal
Council of Higher
Secondary
Education
75%
2008
Secondary Examination
Nava Nalanda High School
West Bengal
Board of
Secondary
Education
66%
2005
Computer Efficiency: Completed certification courses in multimedia and basic Computer Knowledge from Brain ware. Has basic and advanced, theoretical and practical knowledge about Networking and DBMS. Language Proficiency :-
1) C and C++
2) ASP.Net (MVC Architecture)
3) Android Programming
4) Java
5) Python(Basic)
6) Unix Shell scripting HTML.
7) SQL
Certification Courses and Work experience:
1) Completed Summer Internship training from Ardent Computech PVT Ltd in Java 7 with Oracle 11G Spring Framework.
2) Completed summer internship training from Ardent Computech PVT Ltd in Android Application Development.
3) Projects done in Visual Basic environment with Back end support of SQL.
a) Library Management System
b) Advanced Notepad
c) Aptitude Evaluation System
4) Online Library Management System using Java 7.
5) Hands On experience in Designing and Deploying applications using Android Developer tools using eclipse.
Open Source Evangelist:
Started Contributing to Mozilla projects since 2012.
a) Worked in Localization Support for two projects of Mozilla.
b) Team coordinator In Project Lantern.
c) Working with Mozilla Foundation in QA and Testing.
d) Working with Mozilla Foundation in Project SUMO(Support @Mozilla).
e) Working with Scrollback as an Open Source evangelist and Only Scrollback Campus Ambassador form West Bengal.
Professional Hands on Experience: -
1) Working as a Developer Intern in Tech Mahindra. Working on ASP.Net Technologies using MVC Architecture.
2) Completed Major Project using Android Architecture to develop Attendance Management System under Direct Supervision of Head of the Department.
Personal Details:
Father’s Name : Mr. Malay Kumar Roy
Date of Birth : 06/01/1990
Interests/Favorites : Swimming, Listening to music, Playing table tennis and Travelling.
Leisure time : Photography- Landscapes, Wildlife, Artistic Objects, Portrait. Won 12 awards in View Bug, 8 awards in Pixoto by well renowned photographers.
Languages known : English (speak & Write), Hindi (speak), Bengali (speak & write).
Identity Details : mail-id- roysrijib@gmail.com
WordPress- https://roysrijib.wordpress.com
Twitter Handler- @roysrijib
Mozillian-id- https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/roysrijib

